README.md, before:

# hlf-service-network
Skeleton for building a simple Hyperledger Fabric service network
* Docker containers for one ca server, one orderer and two peers
* Self signed Org CA
* MSP certs for one orderer and two peers
* MSP certs for one admin and two users
* Orderer genesis block
* One channel genesis block and an anchor peers update for it

# Prerequisites
* Docker
* docker-compose
* GNU make
* curl
* Python3
* Python3 jinja2

## MacOS
* [Install docker](https://store.docker.com/editions/community/docker-ce-desktop-mac)
* Install other stuff:
```
brew install python3
pip3 install jinja2
```

## Ubuntu/Debian
* [Install docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/ubuntu/#install-using-the-repository)
* Install other stuff:
```
apt install make curl python3-jinja2
```

# QUICKSTART
```
make
make up
```

# To clean up
```
make clean
```

# Start up with persistent storage
```
make persistent
```

# Overriding default config.mk

You can put overrides in local.mk

# couchdb access

* db0 [http://localhost:5984](http://localhost:5984)
* db1 [http://localhost:6984](http://localhost:6984)

l/p: `cdbadmin`/`cdbadminpw`

# Bugs

* Artifacts may not be compatible across versions. Do a `make clean` if you change `HLF_VERSION`!

* The Hyperledger Fabric docker image tags changed format between 1.0.5 and 1.2.0:
  * 1.0.5 only has `x86_64` tags
  * 1.1.0 has `x86_64` and `amd64` tags
  * 1.2.0 only has `amd64` tags

# References
See also [How to build your first Hyperledger fabric network](https://chainhero.io/2018/04/tutorial-hyperledger-fabric-how-to-build-your-first-network/)

Commit message:

document how to port forward to ca-fabric

README.md, after:

# hlf-service-network
Skeleton for building a simple Hyperledger Fabric service network
* Docker containers for one ca server, one orderer and two peers
* Self signed Org CA
* MSP certs for one orderer and two peers
* MSP certs for one admin and two users
* Orderer genesis block
* One channel genesis block and an anchor peers update for it

# Prerequisites
* Docker
* docker-compose
* GNU make
* curl
* Python3
* Python3 jinja2

## MacOS
* [Install docker](https://store.docker.com/editions/community/docker-ce-desktop-mac)
* Install other stuff:
```
brew install python3
pip3 install jinja2
```

## Ubuntu/Debian
* [Install docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/ubuntu/#install-using-the-repository)
* Install other stuff:
```
apt install make curl python3-jinja2
```

# QUICKSTART
```
make
make up
```

# To clean up
```
make clean
```

# Start up with persistent storage
```
make persistent
```

# Overriding default config.mk

You can put overrides in local.mk

# couchdb access

* db0 [http://localhost:5984](http://localhost:5984)
* db1 [http://localhost:6984](http://localhost:6984)

l/p: `cdbadmin`/`cdbadminpw`

# Accessing the fabric-ca API for troubleshooting

Figure out which pod is running:

    kubectl get all

Forward the port

    kubectl port-forward fabric-ca-deployment-fcc7c779f-nbdwx  7054:7054

Send a request

    curl https://127.0.0.1:7054/api/v1/cainfo -vk

# Bugs

* Artifacts may not be compatible across versions. Do a `make clean` if you change `HLF_VERSION`!

* The Hyperledger Fabric docker image tags changed format between 1.0.5 and 1.2.0:
  * 1.0.5 only has `x86_64` tags
  * 1.1.0 has `x86_64` and `amd64` tags
  * 1.2.0 only has `amd64` tags

# References
See also [How to build your first Hyperledger fabric network](https://chainhero.io/2018/04/tutorial-hyperledger-fabric-how-to-build-your-first-network/)
