k8s/README.md, before:

# Kubernetes Instructions

## Install prerequisites

### MacOS

#### Install `kubectl`, `minikube`, and `vmware-fusion`

```bash
brew install kubectl
brew cask install minikube
```

* Install vmware (TODO: add instructions)

#### Misc

We need `gsed -r` because BSD `sed -E` is a POS.

```bash
brew install coreutils ipcalc
```

### Debian/Ubuntu

#### Install `kubectl`, `minikube`, and `kvm2` driver

```bash
sudo apt install ipcalc qemu-kvm libvirt-clients libvirt-daemon-system
sudo adduser $USER libvirt
curl -s https://packages.cloud.google.com/apt/doc/apt-key.gpg | sudo apt-key add -
echo "deb http://apt.kubernetes.io/ kubernetes-stretch main" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/kubernetes.list
sudo apt update; sudo apt install kubectl
wget https://github.com/kubernetes/minikube/releases/download/v0.30.0/minikube_0.30-0.deb
sudo dpkg -i minikube_0.30-0.deb
curl -LO https://storage.googleapis.com/minikube/releases/latest/docker-machine-driver-kvm2 && chmod +x docker-machine-driver-kvm2 && sudo mv docker-machine-driver-kvm2 /usr/local/bin
```

## Start minikube and web proxy

```bash
00-init.sh
```

This might take a LONG time to start up
Frontend will *eventually* be on <http://127.0.0.1:8001/api/v1/namespaces/kube-system/services/kubernetes-dashboard/proxy>

Leave this little guy running in a shell.

## Getting stuff running

Run the various `01-...sh` scripts

## Misc stuff

### Accessing the fabric-ca API for troubleshooting

Start the forwarder:

    kubectl port-forward svc/ca-org1 7054:7054

Send a request

    curl https://127.0.0.1:7054/api/v1/cainfo -vk

Commit message:

Add port forwarders, update readmes, autoinstall alpine packages

k8s/README.md, after:

# Kubernetes Instructions

## Install prerequisites

### MacOS

#### Install utils and `kubectl`, `minikube`, and `vmware-fusion`

```bash
brew install coreutils ipcalc kubectl
brew cask install minikube
```

We need `gsed -r` from coreutils because BSD `sed -E` is a POS.

* Install VMWare Fusion (TODO: add instructions)

### Debian/Ubuntu

#### Install utils and `kubectl`, `minikube`, and `kvm2` driver

```bash
sudo apt install ipcalc screen
sudp apt install qemu-kvm libvirt-clients libvirt-daemon-system
sudo adduser $USER libvirt
curl -s https://packages.cloud.google.com/apt/doc/apt-key.gpg | sudo apt-key add -
echo "deb http://apt.kubernetes.io/ kubernetes-stretch main" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/kubernetes.list
sudo apt update; sudo apt install kubectl
wget https://github.com/kubernetes/minikube/releases/download/v0.30.0/minikube_0.30-0.deb
sudo dpkg -i minikube_0.30-0.deb
curl -LO https://storage.googleapis.com/minikube/releases/latest/docker-machine-driver-kvm2 && chmod +x docker-machine-driver-kvm2 && sudo mv docker-machine-driver-kvm2 /usr/local/bin
```

## Start minikube and web proxy

```bash
00-init.sh
```

This might take a LONG time to start up.

Frontend will *eventually* be on <http://127.0.0.1:8001/api/v1/namespaces/kube-system/services/kubernetes-dashboard/proxy>

Leave this little guy running in a shell.

## Getting stuff running

* Run the various `01-...sh` scripts

## Misc stuff

* `pod-log.sh <pod>`: Follow the log of a pod by appname (e.g. `./pod-log.sh fabric-ca`)
* `pod-shell.sh [cmd]`: Execute `cmd` in a pod. `/bin/bash` is the default (`/bin/sh` for busybox)
* `pod-delete.sh <pod>`: Delete a pod by app name (it will be restarted if in a deployment)
* `make delete-deps`: Remove all deployments in `hlf-service-network` namespace
* `make delete-pods`: Remove all pods in `hlf-service-network` (they will be restarted if in a deployment)
* `make stop`: Stop minikube
* `make nuke`: Kill everything minikube related. Use if you change vm driver
* `./forwarding.sh stop`: Stop the port forwarders

### Accessing the fabric-ca API for troubleshooting

    curl https://127.0.0.1:7054/api/v1/cainfo -vk
